Hey, everyone, welcome back.
So we've been talking a lot about cars, and I think that's totally fine.
And I think we're going to do a little bit more actually.
Now, I've been working on the order list, so when you make an order, it has different variations
like ship.
I have one that's almost there.
I have one that says Delivered.
And we also have a list like you can probably filter.
And that list has a title and you know, different cards look different for things that are in the shipping
process.
And I've actually started to build out like a little card like that.
So I have one that's over here and this is just like kind of like a live tracker.
And maybe this becomes a component.
It probably should become a component, but we're going to create a recipe for now and then that's another
thing.
As I said, design systems will evolve.
You will add to them, you will remove from them things that were once useful don't become useful anymore,
and things that are needed become components so you can reuse them.
So in this case, this will probably become a component.
Now let me show you what it will look like.
So if I had an order card.
Okay.
So I'm just going to grab just the regular order card.
So this will be that with this, like I said, we can make this into an auto layout.
So let's bring this all the way up so we can see exactly what we're working with.
So we have an order shift card over here and we have our product.
So this is probably like a $15 book.
I mean, start up.
So we have our shift.
And what I've done here, I've gone ahead and I started thinking about creating like, you know, like
a little tracker, something very nice for people to kind of see how things are panning out with their
package.
You know, there's probably a portion of this that we're missing something here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to take pills small.
We can even use the base pill in this instance.
I'm going to use the base at least.
And I'm just going to say something like Delivered by.
2020.
Even though we are past that date at the moment, so we are going to be delivered by then and that base
pill, we can also just.
Change that UI we can do a couple of different things.
It really depends.
Like we can make it background of yellow and so the text can be dark like that.
This is, I think, fine for now.
So maybe delivery by that date, that looks good.
What I'm going to do is I'm actually going to turn this into an auto layout.
Big surprise.
Well, so let's see what happened here.
So we have a package tracker.
Let's see what happens so that.
Interesting.
That didn't.
So what we can do is rent a copy of that.
Select where I want it.
So that is one.
Piece of the list.
And over here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create an effect.
And the background product we can call this medium.
So this is the problem.
We have a package tracker and so we're using the background color.
That's the problem.
OC, OC and this is going to be our background color.
We're going to just use a frame.
And we are going to use ten pixels for the radius and then we are going to apply the recipe to that.
So let's not clip that content right now.
And there you go.
We have a card that is probably.
To unnoticeable.
So we have a card here.
So this probably should become a component.
I'll leave it up to your discretion if you want to do that.
We have UI stroke just just that border there so that you can distinguish between that and the next
card.
So we have our order status shipped so we can say order shipped.
And what I'm going to do is I'm actually going to create another frame and I'm going to call this order
list and you guessed it, all the layout and we're gonna use 16 pixels and we are going to go ahead
and grab one of our cards here.
We're going to go and find our order card.
Where is it?
And we'll find a delivered card and we'll just place it there for now.
And this delivered card will go into our order list.
Perfect.
So that is fine.
So I can actually remove this background.
Let's.
Make that like that.
To that.
And then what I'm going to do is I'm going to remove the background color or the background.
So we have our map tracker.
We have our map.
We can just pump that up.
And yeah, so I am going to actually remove the stroke because I think, you know, we can just keep
it flat and these can be maybe spaced outs.
Let's see, these can be spaced out probably by 24 and these ones probably around eight.
So we have that connection.
So I think that's kind of fine for now.
I'm liking it.
What we're going to do is we can add another item.
So when I think of these lists, I think there's something here.
We probably put a horizontal rule, but let's move ahead.
So I'm going to go back and I'm going to make that title.
So if I want to think about order list, we probably should be able to filter it.
Let's do that.
And then let's grab a filter button.
So I've been using like this checkbox variant that I've made where it's so let's do grow.
That's been really good and we're just going to call this filters so we can probably filter by different
things, price and maybe just timeline.
Let's.
Bring that together.
We can.
We can just call this filters.
And I'm going to expand that all the way to the full width.
I'm going way out here.
So I'm going to take that and I am going to make sure they are center to each other.
And then I am actually going to take my friend as now.
Not resized.
And I'm going to put the filter list in there.
So I have my order list, I have my filters, and I'm going to create another frame which called this
a filter list.
And yeah, order layout 24 pixels.
Maybe this one is 16, but.
Let's clean that up.
So now, like, you can create an easy list of different types of products.
You'll notice that like we have our last three months plus our filters, we have like a current shipped
status.
I mean, you can also go ahead and change some of these things.
Like you can say this is in transit.
So you have different variations, kind of like a live tracker that we've designed here that you can
just kind of like copy, I can just take this like this.
I need to use an order list right now for what I'm designing or a filter list, and I'm just going to
drop that right into my designs.
Easy peasy.
So yeah, definitely use recipes.
Recipes are going to speed up your workflow.
Recipes are going to set a good standard for your team on what different collection of components look
like, what components are going to interact with each other, whether that be like these cards or like
buttons, checkboxes.
It also sometimes make you and force you to think about what you may be missing from a component.
So we may go back and add this map tracker as a component where people can kind of use that default
map just to display a map.
And also using this kind of pinging thing, we can possibly even animate that so we can make it go in
and out or more specifically, just the background.
We can just make it pulse when we think about like micro interaction.
So pull those different things out of your designs, they're going to really help you figure out what
you need to build and also make your workflow much more easier.
That's why I do a lot of these things.
This design system is just going to help us, you know, add to this app, we can turn it around, make
something else from this.
But it sets a good standard on what a design system should kind of look like, and it's going to be
different for everyone.
So this is my design of the orders list.